README.md, before:

# Epic Games Bot

<!-- [START badges] -->
[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/epic-games-bot)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/epic-games-bot)
[![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/environment-Node.js-brightgreen)](#)
[![Puppeteer](https://img.shields.io/badge/API-Puppeteer-brightgreen)](#)
[![license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/george-lim/epic-games-bot)](https://github.com/george-lim/epic-games-bot/blob/master/LICENSE)
<!-- [END badges] -->

> Epic Games Bot is a Node library that finds and purchases all promotional free games + add-ons on Epic Games. All communication is handled through the [Puppeteer API](https://github.com/puppeteer/puppeteer/blob/v2.1.1/docs/api.md).

<!-- [START getstarted] -->
## Getting Started

### Installation

To use Epic Games Bot in your project, run:

```bash
npm install epic-games-bot puppeteer
# or "yarn add epic-games-bot puppeteer"
```

### Usage

An [example project](https://github.com/george-lim/epic-games-bot/blob/master/examples/purchase-items) is provided to demonstrate how Epic Games Bot can be used alongside Puppeteer to purchase all promotional free items on Epic Games. Login cookies are captured and persisted locally on disk to reuse after one successful login.

Note: SSO login is currently unsupported.

Execute script on the command line:
```bash
cd examples/purchase-items
npm install
# or "yarn install"
node .
```
<!-- [END getstarted] -->

Commit message:

Add 2FA support cookie management to getURLs

README.md, after:

# Epic Games Bot

<!-- [START badges] -->
[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/epic-games-bot)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/epic-games-bot)
[![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/environment-Node.js-brightgreen)](#)
[![Puppeteer](https://img.shields.io/badge/API-Puppeteer-brightgreen)](#)
[![license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/george-lim/epic-games-bot)](https://github.com/george-lim/epic-games-bot/blob/master/LICENSE)
<!-- [END badges] -->

> Epic Games Bot is a Node library that finds and purchases all promotional free games + add-ons on Epic Games. All communication is handled through the [Puppeteer API](https://github.com/puppeteer/puppeteer/blob/v2.1.1/docs/api.md).

<!-- [START getstarted] -->
## Getting Started

### Installation

To use Epic Games Bot in your project, run:

```bash
npm install epic-games-bot puppeteer
# or "yarn add epic-games-bot puppeteer"
```

### Usage

An [example project](https://github.com/george-lim/epic-games-bot/blob/master/examples/purchase-items) is provided to demonstrate how Epic Games Bot can be used alongside Puppeteer to purchase all promotional free items on Epic Games. Login cookies are captured and persisted locally on disk to reuse after one successful login.

Note: SSO login is currently unsupported. 2FA support is limited to the authenticator app method.

Execute script on the command line:
```bash
cd examples/purchase-items
npm install
# or "yarn install"
node .
```
<!-- [END getstarted] -->
